🔹 PYTHON CORE QUESTIONS (1–90)

What is Python?

What is variables in Python?

What is data type in pyhton?

What are the rules for declaring variables in Python?

What are keywords in Python?

What is PEP8 in python?

What are the different data types in Python?

What is a list in Python?

What is a tuple in Python?

What is the difference between a list and a tuple?

What is a dictionary in Python?

What is the difference between a dictionary and a list?

What is a set in Python?

What is different between to * and ** in Python?

What is different between to / and // in Python?

What is member opertors in Python ?

What is identity opertors in Python ?

What is Logical opertors in Python ?

What is user define function in Python?

What is third-party define function in Python?

What is core define function in Python?

What is different between to low and casefeld in Python?

What is in bult funation name in Python ?

What is list tupl set and dic min 5 type of(fuction) in python?

What are mutable and immutable  in Python?

What is the use of the type() function in Python?

How does the input() function work in Python?

What is the use of the print() function in Python?

How many types of operators are there in Python?

What are arithmetic operators in Python?

What are comparison operators in Python?

What is the use of the if-else statement in Python?

What does the break statement do in Python?

What does the continue statement do in Python?

What does the pass statement do in python ? 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 PYTHON CORE – FUNCTIONS & STRINGS (31–45)

What is a function in Python?

How do you define a function in Python?

What is *args in Python?

What is **kwargs in Python?

What is a string in Python?

What is string 5 type of funcation in Pyhton?

What is string slicing in Python?

What is different between to sort and sorted in pyhton?

What is docstring in python ?

What is frozen set in pyhton?

what is different between to remove and discard ?

what is different between to remove and Pop ?

What is list comprehension in pyhton?

what is different between to append  and extend ?

What is the use of the len() function in Python?

What is the use of the range() function in Python?

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

🔹 PYTHON ADVANCED QUESTIONS (46–80)

What is Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)?

What is Recursion function in Python?

What is scope in Python?

What is global,private and protected in Python?

What is a class in Python?

What is an object in Python?

What is the use of the self keyword in Python?

What is a constructor in Python?

What does the __init__ method do in Python?

What is inheritance in Python?

What is single inheritance?

What is multiple inheritance?

What is polymorphism in Python?

What is method overriding?

What is method overloding in pyhton?

What is decorater in pyhton?

What is static method in python?

What is class method in python?

What is encapsulation in Python?

What is abstraction in Python?

What are access specifiers in Python?

What is an exception in Python?

What is the use of the try-except block?

What does the finally block do?

What is file handling in Python?

How do you open a file in Python?

What is the difference between read mode and write mode?

What is a generator in Python?

What does the yield keyword do?

What is an iterator in Python?

What is a lambda function?

What different between to  map(),fliter() and reduce() function in  Python?

What is shallow copy?

What is deep copy?

What is the difference between is and == in Python?

What is a module in Python?

What is a package in Python?

What is a virtual environment in Python?

What is different between to read ,readline and readlines 










